Why haven't you come yet?
They had a busy night.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Master Geng Cheng
We visited according to the list given by Zhou Jianfeng
It's all clear
We have fought for everything we should fight for
I'm confused
How?
Is there anything else I don't know about?
Do you remember Bello's fat wife?
The reason why he doesn't want to leave
Just thinking about the bedridden husband at home
And immature children
I'll let Wei Die go.
Arrange their family's food and clothing expenses
Solved their worries
Now he has also given up his career
And the old man in charge
But the famous old nail
I've been employed all my life just looking for a partner to talk to
We found his first love
Also alone
I convinced his children
Let the two be buried together
Let them be companions
Don't you collect debts for a living?
When did you become a negotiator and a full-time matchmaker?
Do you have any super powers?
There is a door that cannot be opened wherever the super power money is opened
We have tried our best to compensate for all the ghosts.
Do your best to make sure they don't help the old ones
Do you have one?
They don't look like philanthropists.
Master, can't it be you?
Hidden deep enough hahaha I'm penniless
I don't even know where breakfast is
Where did the charity come from?
Look why it's not me, we have a big boss behind us
Big boss
I'm not late, am I?